# selector 									fontnick 							adjustments
rsg:jzr                  		jizurathreeb
rsg:u-cdm                		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-cjk-cmpi1          		babelstonehan
rsg:u-cjk-hira           		ipamp
rsg:u-cjk-kata           		ipamp
rsg:u-cjk-xc             		hanaminb
rsg:u-cjk-xd             		babelstonehan
rsg:u-cyrl               		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-cyrl-s             		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-grek               		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-hang-syl           		nanummyeongjo
rsg:u-latn               		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-latn-a             		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-latn-b             		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-punct              		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-arrow              		sunexta
rsg:u-arrow-b            		sunexta
rsg:u-boxdr              		sunexta
rsg:u-cjk-cmpf           		sunexta
rsg:u-latn-1             		lmromantenregular
rsg:u-llsym              		sunexta
rsg:u                    		sunexta
rsg:u-cjk-strk           		sunexta
rsg:u-cjk-xa             		sunexta
rsg:u-geoms              		sunexta
rsg:u-cjk                		sunexta
rsg:u-cjk-sym            		hanamina
rsg:u-cjk-rad2           		sunexta
rsg:u-cjk-xb             		sunflowerucjkxb
